do you have a ton of stuff lying at the
Plaza Willis time to do something about
it on your life in one week the former
clutter queen turned organization expert
Aaron Rooney
this is Aaron's brilliant book we've all
been thumbing through it in the office
there's things highlighted and pages
marked and X's made everywhere it's
absolutely fabulous congratulations
incidentally you're also the
editor-in-chief of unclutter com correct
which will link you guys to and will put
all these tips up on our website so
where are we gonna get started and
what's your number one first tip for
taking the first step in decluttering
okay the first place shoot you want to
start think of it like a workout right
it's it's Monday morning and it's better
to get started then then on Friday cuz
research actually shows if you wait
until Friday I'll do it on Monday and
you just put it off so go ahead start
your week on Monday first thing second
of all what you want to do is you want
to start small so in the book I start
with a closet and surprisingly we have
one right here
so let's start with something like
clothes right okay so in this situation
what we've done is we started by
grouping or what we like to call
clustering items and we've used formal
work and casual go with what works best
for you here these little closet
dividers you can just write on them and
the idea is that you want to be able to
quickly retrieve when you go to your
closet
the second thing use hangers that
actually are good for your clothes
they're not gonna warp your clothes in
any way and these are fantastic they
have a little bit of flocking on him so
things like wrap shirts strappy shirts
they're not gonna fall to the floor and
I have those I switched over it changes
your life
another thing to do is think about the
space on the back of your door here
we've got hooks especially for those
things that you've worn that you might
throw over the back of a chair don't
throw it over the back of the chair
definitely don't put it on the floor
utilize the space with a little bit of
hooks and then these it's just a metal
magnetic strip and what you can do are
things like safety pins because you
always need them when you're in the
Cotten's sewing kit show Bruce exactly
think about when you are at that point
in your life where you're spending all
your time doing laundry and nobody likes
to do laundry anyway another idea is to
buy all of the exact same stock and in
this situation you're never matching
your new Joe putting in oh and you have
a drill down that one and then when they
start to wear out and they get hole or
whatever get rid of all the ones bring
in a whole new batch of socks and we
call it the sock purge because because
really that's what you're doing you're
just getting rid of the socks that
you're not wearing and you're not
wasting time organizing I love it
reminding everybody that's the book on
clutter your life in a week up next I'm
in the kitchen here's the tip don't miss
that